The widget type around feature should work in the "Custom element conversion guide" (#9467)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: packages/ckeditor5-engine/docs/framework/guides/deep-dive/custom-element-conversion.md

		infoBoxContent
	);

>     // The mapping between the model <infoBox> and its view representation.
>     conversionApi.mapper.bindElements( data.item, infoBox );

Author: ```suggestion
	// The mapping between the model <infoBox> and its view representation.
	conversionApi.mapper.bindElements( data.item, infoBox );
```

	.add( dispatcher => dispatcher.on( 'insert:infoBox', dataDowncastConverter ) );
```

Due to the fact that the info box's view structure is more complex than its model structure, you need to take care of one additional aspect to make the converters work &mdash; position mapping.

> ### The model to view position mapping

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The model-to-view position mapping
```

> The downcast converters shown in the previous section will not yet work correctly. This is how a given model would look like, after being downcasted:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The downcast converters shown in the previous section will not work correctly yet. This is what the given model would look like, after being downcasted:
```

        const viewElement = data.mapper.toViewElement( parent );

        // Find the <div class="info-box-content"> in it.
        const viewContentElement = findContentViewElement( view, viewElement );

        // Translate the model position offset to the view position offset.
        data.viewPosition = data.mapper.findPositionIn( viewContentElement, modelPosition.offset );
    };
}

// Returns the <div class="info-box-content"> nested in the info box view structure.
function findContentViewElement( editingView, viewElement ) {
    for ( const value of editingView.createRangeIn( viewElement ) ) {
        if ( value.item.is( 'element', 'div' ) && value.item.hasClass( 'info-box-content' ) ) {
            return value.item;
        }
    }
}
```

It needs to be plugged into the {@link module:engine/conversion/mapper~Mapper#event:modelToViewPosition `Mapper#modelToViewPosition`} event for both downcast pipelines:

```js
editor.editing.mapper.on( 'modelToViewPosition', createModelToViewPositionMapper( editor.editing.view ) );
editor.data.mapper.on( 'modelToViewPosition', createModelToViewPositionMapper( editor.editing.view ) );
```

<info-box>

>     **Note**: You do not need the reverse position mapping ({@link module:engine/conversion/mapper~Mapper#event:viewToModelPosition from view to model}) because the default view to model position mapping looks for the {@link module:engine/conversion/mapper~Mapper#findMappedViewAncestor mapped view ancestor} and maps offset in respect to that model element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Note**: You do not need the reverse position mapping ({@link module:engine/conversion/mapper~Mapper#event:viewToModelPosition from the view to the model}) because the default view-to-model position mapping looks for the {@link module:engine/conversion/mapper~Mapper#findMappedViewAncestor mapped view ancestor} and maps the offset in respect to the model element.
```

			.add( dispatcher => dispatcher.on( 'insert:infoBox', editingDowncastConverter ) );
		editor.conversion.for( 'dataDowncast' )
			.add( dispatcher => dispatcher.on( 'insert:infoBox', dataDowncastConverter ) );

>         // Model to view position mapper is needed since the model <infoBox> content needs to end up in the inner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Model-to-view position mapper is needed since the model <infoBox> content needs to end up in the inner
```
